october 22nd on HBO the Emmy
award-winning series 24 7 returns school
of boxing's biggest rivals prepare for a
third and decisive clash in the ring
seven years ago many Pacquiao and Juan
Manuel Marquez first met as veterans and
in the very first round the rising
Filipino star unleashed a memorable
onslaught of ferociousness
ken has it ever seen anything
but the Mexican weathered the storm as
the fight went on in Brazilian see only
the comeback of a lifetime for one fire
inspire knockouts left
the bow was declared a draw aving
questions unanswered until four years
later the paramed again for a rematch
market
Down Goes fuckin perfect knock knock
knock
wackjob they trade down the track once
again the fighters went the distance
this time Pacquiao was awarded a
one-point split decision victory on the
scorecards in the years since Pacquiao
has risen from boxing star to global
celebrity for Marquez has maintained his
standing atop the sport perhaps is well
known to some fans for his training
peculiarities this is ring prowess now
after 24 nearly even and relentless
rounds of boxing two rivals prepare for
another collision of two celebrated
trainers search for strategies that
could at last determine a decisive
victor from the Philippine Islands to
the streets of Mexico City the hollywood
hills and the Las Vegas Strip for weeks
two camps all access
24-7 pacquiao-marquez a four-part series
premiering saturday night october twenty
second on HBO
it premieres saturday October 22 at ten
o'clock eastern and pacific time it
continues for four weeks leading up to
the November 12 live fight pay-per-view
on HBO from Las Vegas Manny Pacquiao
against one man will